it started as a challenge to help two
classmates battling cancer and now a
fundraiser at Minot central campus has
brought in over 14 thousand dollars
that's more than ten thousand dollars
more than they had shot for and all by
the way to bald teachers Debbie Keane
has the story how much would you be
willing to pay for a good haircut the
two haircuts filling it chesler gave
today at central campus cost more than
14 thousand dollars when you get those
nickels and dimes and pennies and then
all of a sudden it turns into a dollar
bill or a five-dollar bill or a
fifty-dollar bill from students that I'm
sure parents have sent them here with it
it's just an elation Helen's mother
sharon and central campus principal
Chuck France agreed to have their heads
shaved if the students could come up
with at least four thousand dollars to
help two of their friends Zach des
meeres and Lucas kind are going through
chemotherapy well it certainly didn't
hurt the cause I'm sure to see the
principal's head gets shaved but I'm
sure it kind of rallied people as well
as rally the community and probably made
people give a little bit more I think so
gay from the heart armed with her trusty
wall super trimmer Helen slowly and
skillfully carved pastor chuck and
Sharons mains this isn't the first time
Sharon's gone through this hair-raising
experience she was diagnosed with cancer
several years ago when you have your
family that in itself helps greatly but
when you've got your friends pulling for
you and walking up and saying just hang
in there that just that's a blessing in
itself I feel great and it's a good
opportunity to raise some money for get
rid of our health bills and so it's me
client costly yeah ivona beyond that
whole Courtin is it to have just the
moral support like this Zen help you out
yeah yeah do so speaking of people
carrying they touch this I heard and if
it helps Lucas and Zach feel better
using a few locks for fourteen thousand
dollars it's only hear your we're
heading into summer and spend a lot of
time the pool with kids and play plenty
of golf and all I need is a hat and
little sunscreen to take care of that is
a small price to pay Debbie keen KX news
now you know the thing of it is I really
wanted to do that you know the whole
buzz thing yeah but Joe explain explain
why we're here right now huh well I said
I needed a haircut one day and it just
so happens that we had this going on and
I said you know if they raise the money
I let Perry cut my hair welcome to
Perry's barbershop everybody so we are
just gonna give me a little haircut
while we do weather today laughs loves
you take a shower this morning I did I
really did is this smell good I dream I
like to smell hey come last look at
whether it's time for that take a look
at this radar satellites showing you a
severe storms moving through yesterday
uh-huh yeah oh noes have pushed off to
the east I don't expect a whole lot more
severe weather across my nut or garrison
but out to the east today I don't like
this whole bumper thing you've gotta
yeah why look at you're doing a really
good job though look at that that's
excellent ferry just keep going I'm
losing hair but all these little dots
you see up on the map oh I don't care I
can turn my head it's not like you're
gonna mess up my not a lot of these blue
dots hail reports yesterday we had a lot
of wind reports and even some tornado
reports unfortunately down south who's
vacuuming at a lot of hair i think i'm
gonna have to vacuum unfortunately
here's a quick look at some of those
pictures look at that you can actually
see the funnel cloud right in here from
yesterday a lot of those hailstones were
over 1.25 inches that's a lot you're
throwing it around like money well you
know got into the funnel cloud they were
wrong yeah the funnel cloud of course
that that's what's throwing out of my
hair take a look at this on the ground
when the hail started yesterday and a
look at it looked like snow it was
falling in your head I'm
re okay I'll hold still like it matters
oh it's all coming up and then and we
did have some hail damage unfortunately
yesterday to I'm going to turn my head
Perry look at these temperatures I'm
turning it back 54 and mine at now 59 in
bismarck-mandan 54 in Dickinson it's 54
in Williston and your forecast today
includes a little breezy conditions
how's it going I'm good okay looking
really good actually need in here let's
get a good shot yeah there you go takes
place unlocked out here yeah we raised
good money for this we could give you a
time trader bald spot Tom nilaga oh he's
gonna be calling it in just a second
Gerwig speeds not all that bad at all
but here's your forecast today we'll
have our high temperatures in the 50s
and then look at round Bismarck sixties
and we'll have thunderstorms around mind
out in Bismarck and especially out to
the east some of those could be on the
strong severe side so of course we'll
watch that very closely it will keep you
up-to-date throughout the day ok and I
as well I don't real bad for the person
connect right knock stuff tom is
actually gonna have hair it is clicker
later on and Hutch will probably notice
this too
yeah there's there's hair all over the
board I think that looks pretty good I'm
more naturally yeah it takes take a
little off there I don't know about
everybody at home but I can
so anyway thank you very much for those
of you that the senton money we really
would agree good and we should make this
a weekly thing yeah maybe maybe I'll cut
your hair next weekend we'll see you
thanks for joining us